README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">LibreY</h1>

# Disclaimer

> LibreY is a fork of LibreX, a framework-less and javascript-free privacy respecting meta search engine, made by [hnhx](https://github.com/hnhx). LibreY changed some features like automatic redirection. The original code is written by [hnhx and contributors](https://github.com/hnhx/LibreX/contributors)

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49120638/215327189-76c54dec-8b19-4faf-8c39-29a61aa3b143.png" width="400">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49120638/215327239-b2a1cb07-3773-4ae7-bb3b-738de2cc3161.png" width="400">
</p>

<p align="center"></p>

<br>

### Instances

> If you host using CloudFlare, this will be mentioned in the instances list.

You can access the full list of LibreX and LibreY instances on one of the following updated LibreY instances:

| Clearnet | TOR | I2P | Country |
|-|-|-|-|
| [search.ahwx.org](https://search.ahwx.org/) | [✅](http://hyy7rcvknwb22v4nnoar635wntiwr4uwzhiuyimemyl4fz6k7tahj5id.onion) | ❌ | 🇳🇱 NL |
| [librex.me](https://librex.me/) | [✅](http://librex.revvybrr6pvbx4n3j4475h4ghw4elqr4t5xo2vtd3gfpu2nrsnhh57id.onion/) | [✅](http://revekebotog64xrrammtsmjwtwlg3vqyzwdurzt2pu6botg4bejq.b32.i2p/) | 🇨🇦 CA |
| [librex.revvy.de](https://librex.revvy.de/) | [✅](http://librex.revvybrr6pvbx4n3j4475h4ghw4elqr4t5xo2vtd3gfpu2nrsnhh57id.onion/) | [✅](http://revekebotog64xrrammtsmjwtwlg3vqyzwdurzt2pu6botg4bejq.b32.i2p/) | 🇨🇦 CA |
| [search.davidovski.xyz](https://search.davidovski.xyz/) | ❌ | ❌ | 🇬🇧 GB |
| [librey.nohost.network](https://librey.nohost.network/) | ❌ | ❌ | 🇲🇽 MX |
| [librex.yogeshlamichhane.com.np](https://librex.yogeshlamichhane.com.np/) | ❌ | ❌ | 🇫🇮 FI |
<br>


### About LibreY

LibreY gives you text results from DuckDuckGo or Google, images from Qwant, and torrents from i.e. Ahmia and popular torrent sites without spying on you.
<br>LibreY doesn't save **any** type of data about the user, there are no logs (except NGINX logs if the host sets them).

### LibreY compared to other metasearch engines

| Name |  Works without JS | Privacy frontend redirect | Torrent results | API | No 3rd party libs used |
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
| LibreY | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| SearXNG | ❓ Not user friendly | ❓ Only host can set it | ✅ | ✅ | ❌ |
| Whoogle | ✅ | ❓ Only host can set it | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |

Commit message:

update instance list on readme

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">LibreY</h1>

# Disclaimer

> LibreY is a fork of LibreX, a framework-less and javascript-free privacy respecting meta search engine, made by [hnhx](https://github.com/hnhx). LibreY changed some features like automatic redirection. The original code is written by [hnhx and contributors](https://github.com/hnhx/LibreX/contributors)

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49120638/215327189-76c54dec-8b19-4faf-8c39-29a61aa3b143.png" width="400">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49120638/215327239-b2a1cb07-3773-4ae7-bb3b-738de2cc3161.png" width="400">
</p>

<p align="center"></p>

<br>

### Instances

You can find a list of instances on any LibreY instance by accessing /instances.php
Instance list on @codedipper's instance:
[librex.me](https://librex.me/instances.php)
[librex.revvy.de](https://librex.revvy.de/instances.php)
[Tor](http://librex.revvybrr6pvbx4n3j4475h4ghw4elqr4t5xo2vtd3gfpu2nrsnhh57id.onion/instances.php)
[I2P](http://revekebotog64xrrammtsmjwtwlg3vqyzwdurzt2pu6botg4bejq.b32.i2p/instances.php)
<br>
@davidovski's instance:
[search.davidovski.xyz](https://search.davidovski.xyz/instances.php)
<br>
@Ahwxorg's instance:
[search.ahwx.org](https://search.ahwx.org/instances.php)
[Tor](http://hyy7rcvknwb22v4nnoar635wntiwr4uwzhiuyimemyl4fz6k7tahj5id.onion/instances.php)
<br>


### About LibreY

LibreY gives you text results from DuckDuckGo or Google, images from Qwant, and torrents from i.e. Ahmia and popular torrent sites without spying on you.
<br>LibreY doesn't save **any** type of data about the user, there are no logs (except NGINX logs if the host sets them).

### LibreY compared to other metasearch engines

| Name |  Works without JS | Privacy frontend redirect | Torrent results | API | No 3rd party libs used |
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
| LibreY | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| SearXNG | ❓ Not user friendly | ❓ Only host can set it | ✅ | ✅ | ❌ |
| Whoogle | ✅ | ❓ Only host can set it | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |
